---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neuvector_registry Data Source - terraform-provider-neuvector"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# neuvector_registry (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "neuvector_registry" "docker_metadata" {
  name = "my-registry-name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the registry.

### Read-Only

- `auth_token` (String, Sensitive) Authentication token.
- `auth_with_token` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to authenticate using a token.
- `cvedb_create_time` (String) Creation time of the CVE database.
- `cvedb_version` (String) CVE database version.
- `error_detail` (String) Detailed error information.
- `error_message` (String) Error message associated with the registry.
- `failed` (Number) Number of items that failed scanning.
- `filters` (List of String) List of filters.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication.
- `registry` (String) Registry URL.
- `registry_type` (String) Type of the registry.
- `repo_limit` (Number) Limit for the number of repositories.
- `rescan_after_db_update` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to rescan after database update.
- `scan_layers` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to scan layers.
- `scanned` (Number) Number of items scanned in the registry.
- `scanning` (Number) Number of items currently being scanned.
- `scheduled` (Number) Number of items scheduled for scanning.
- `started_at` (String) Start time of the registry.
- `status` (String) Status of the registry.
- `tag_limit` (Number) Limit for the number of tags.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) Username for authentication.


