---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neuvector_admission_rule Resource - terraform-provider-neuvector"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# neuvector_admission_rule (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "neuvector_admission_rule" "test" {
  rule_type = "deny"
  category  = "Kubernetes"
  comment   = "Containers prevention"

  criteria {
    name  = "runAsRoot"
    op    = "="
    path  = "runAsRoot"
    value = "true"
  }

  criteria {
    name  = "runAsPrivileged"
    op    = "="
    path  = "runAsPrivileged"
    value = "true"
  }

  disable = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) Represents an orchestration platform category, could be Kubernetes, OpenShift, Rancher, Docker, or other platforms.
- `criteria` (Block Set, Min: 1) Matching criteria applied associated with the rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--criteria))
- `disable` (Boolean) Disable the rule.
- `rule_type` (String) Indicate whether this rule is to "allow" this type of connection, or "deny" it.

### Optional

- `cfg_type` (String) The type of configuration, its scope, for example whether the rule applies to the whole federation or just to the cluster.
- `comment` (String) A comment from the user.
- `rule_mode` (String) Defines the rigor with which rules are assessed and applied.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Required:

- `name` (String) Represents the identifier or label for the criteria.
- `op` (String) Represents a comparison operator used to evaluate the rule criteria. It defines the relationship between the specified value and the actual value being checked against. Examples of common operators include equals (=), not equals (!=), greater than (>), less than (<), etc.
- `value` (String) Represents the reference value against which the actual value is compared using the specified operator.

Optional:

- `path` (String) Specifies the location or attribute within the relevant resource or object that the admission rule criteria should be applied to.
- `template_kind` (String) identifies the type or category of the admission rule template associated with the criteria.
- `type` (String) The type field defines the category or nature of the admission rule criteria. It helps determine the context and behavior of the criteria.
- `value_type` (String) Indicates the data type of the actual value being checked against the rule criteria.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import neuvector_admission_rule.name {{admission_rule_id}}
```
